Let me show you how Claude helps credit
analysts move from market signal to
investment decision in minutes, not
hours. We're following Yuri, a credit
analyst at a multistrategy fund, Steady
Capital. It's 10:00 a.m. and he notices
the Walmart 2030 bonds moving tighter.
Portfolio review is at 2 p.m. Yuri wants
to know, is this a trading opportunity
or fundamental shift? He starts simple.
Show me Walmart's bond curve and compare
it to Costco and Target.
Claw connects to LSCG. Within seconds,
an interactive dashboard is ready. Here
we sees full WMA curve with live data.
The 2030 is tight, but there's a steep
jump out to 2037 and 2038. The market
wants compensation for a longer
duration. Claude automatically pulls
comps for Costco and Target, and Walmart
trades tighter than both of them. In
under a minute, Yuri sees that Walmart
is priced as best-in-class. Now, do the
fundamentals support it? Yuri asked
Claude, "Dig deeper on Walmart's credit
quality. Analyze last three earnings
calls. Check Third Bridge experts and
give me a write up."
Claude pulls error earnings transcripts.
Q4, Q1, Q2. While searching Third Bridge
for former Walmart execs, everything
happens in parallel. Within minutes,
Claude has a complete credit analysis
ready. It found patterns across three
quarters. Consistent sales growth.
E-commerce is surging. Advertising is up
nearly 50% and new high margin
businesses are scaling. Every claim is
verifiable with links that go directly
to Arrow's platform. An exact transcript
Cloud analyzed. Claude found former
execs who actually built these systems.
One confirms the e-commerce
profitability story. Another explains
their competitive advantage on tariffs.
Supplier relationships and domestic
sourcing give them structural
protection. Claude synthesizes
everything. This is a trend, not a blip.
Threearters of strong execution, experts
confirming it's real. With every data
point linked source, it's 1:45 p.m. Yuri
walks into the portfolio review with his
dashboard and comprehensive deep dive.
The story is clear. The market is
pricing Walmart as best-in-class and
fundamentals back it up. Clause view:
short bonds are priced to perfection and
longer bonds offer better value if this
transformation continues. 30 minutes,
three platforms, one story with full
transparency. That's the difference
between data and conviction.